Update serurity group / firewall rules (#100)
personium/new-docs: src/getting-started/setup-unit.md

### Security group/firewall settings

To create and access the Personium Unit, set the security group/firewall to allow access to the following ports for the created VM.

| Direction | Port | Source | Destination | Purpose |
|-----------|------|--------|-------------|---------|

> | Inbound | 443 | any | any | the Personium API access using HTTPS |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Inbound | 443 | any | any | Allow access to the Personium API through HTTPS |
```

> | Inbound | 22 | your work machine | any | the created VM access using SSH |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Inbound | 22 | your work machine | any | Allow access to the created VMs through SSH |
```

> | Outbound | 443 | any | any | External repositories access using HTTPS |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Outbound | 443 | any | any | To access any external repositories through HTTPS |
```

> | Outbound | 80 | any | any | External repositories access using HTTP |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Outbound | 80 | any | any | To access any external repositories through HTTP |
```
